fix: Clarify accepted timestamp formats (#1587)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/development/sdk-dev/event-payloads/index.md

`timestamp`

> : Indicates when the logging record was created (in the Sentry SDK). The format

Reviewer: Since we're updating this paragraph already, should we rename this to "event" and put some more emphasis on that it was created in the SDK?

```suggestion
: Indicates when the vevent was created in the Sentry SDK. The format
```

Author: Applied this change locally to also rewrap the paragraph as the line length changed.

  is either a string as defined in [RFC
  3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339) or a numeric (integer or float)
  value representing the [number of seconds that have elapsed since the Unix

>   epoch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time).

Author: The format description is the same as for `Breadcrumb.timestamp`.

I intentionally did not change other timestamps that are not part of ingestion, e.g. multiple parts of the Web API, because I did not research what is accepted in each case.

  ```json
  {
    "timestamp": "2011-05-02T17:41:36Z"
  }
  ```

  ```json
  {

>     "timestamp": 1304358096.0

Author: I intentionally chose to make it a float as it emphasizes this possibility. Quick readers that will not read the fine print (int or float) and will still get it at a glance.
